[C#] Added concept exercise: regular-expressions (#1727)
exercism/v3: languages/csharp/exercises/concept/regular-expressions/.docs/instructions.md

This exercise addresses the parsing of log files.

After a recent security review you have been asked to clean up the organisation's archived log files.

> All strings passed to the methods of guaranteed to be non-null and leading and trailing spaces are guaranteed to be removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All strings passed to the methods are guaranteed to be non-null and leading and without trailing spaces.
```

### 1. Identify garbled log lines

You need some idea of how many log lines in your archive do not comply with current standards. You believe that a simple test reveals whether a log line is valid. To be considered valid a line should begin with one of the following strings:

- [TRC]
- [DBG]
- [INF]
- [WRN]
- [ERR]
- [FTL]

Implement the `LogParser.IsValidLine()` method to return `false` if a string is not valid otherwise `true`.

```csharp
var lp = new LogParser();
lp.IsValidLine("[ERR] A good error here");
// => true
lp.IsValidLine("Any old [ERR] text");
// => false
lp.IsValidLine("[BOB] Any old text");
// => false
```

### 2. Split the log line

> A new team has joined the organization and you find their log files are using a strange separator for "fields". Instead of something sensible like a colon ":" they use a string such as "<--->" or "<=>" (because it's prettier) in fact any string that has a first character of "<" and a last character of ">" and any combination of the following "^\*=-" in between.

Reviewer: I found the `"^\*=-"` bit somewhat hard to read. Maybe we could be a bit more verbose here and list the characters individually?

Author: Done

> Implement the `LogParser.SplitLogLIne()` method that takes a line and returns an array of strings each of which contains a field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Implement the `LogParser.SplitLogLine()` method that takes a line and returns an array of strings each of which contains a field.
```

```csharp
var lp = new LogParser();

> lp.IsValidLine("Section 1<===>Section 2<^-^>Section 3");

Reviewer: ```suggestion
lp.SplitLogLine("Section 1<===>Section 2<^-^>Section 3");
```

// => {"Section 1", "Section 2", "Section 3"}
```

> ### 3. Count the number of lines containg a password

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 3. Count the number of lines containing a password
```

> It is important to find any passwords included in a file. These will be dealt with automatically but the team needs to know how about passwords occurred in quoted text so that they can be examined manually.

Reviewer: When is a log line considered a password? It wasn't clear to me that we were looking for the literal text "password", although I did find a reference to it later. I know much of the exercise is rather artificial, but it felt a bit odd to me. I was wondering if we could come up with something else or change it a bit. Maybe this task could be about detecting logs where somehow the company's super secret password was leaked in the logs? I think the thing that might have tripped me up was the "find any passwords" bit, which seems to imply that all passwords are captured.

Some other ideas: what if there was a software malfunction that leaked passwords for login attempts plaintext into the logs and we have to detect the number of occurences here. We could have the password conform to a company policy format or something, where it starts with an uppercase character followed by one or more lowercase characters and ending with a digit or something.

We could have the next task be about replacing the leaked passwords with a "******" placeholder or something like that.

I don't know. This is hard :)

Author: > somehow the company's super-secret password was leaked in the logs?

The trouble is you don't need regexes for this.  `String.Contains()` or `String.InexOf` is sufficient.

> the thing that might have tripped me up was the "find any passwords" bit

This is partially adapted an actual security audit I was the victim of.  You care a lot less about passwords that are just sitting around in the file than those that are highlighted as in "password: mysecret" or something.

I have changed the wording to make it clear how to identify a password for our purposes.

> We could have the next task be about replacing the leaked passwords with a "******" placeholder or something like that.

We already are exercising Regex.Replace().  We need something with capture groups.

> We could have the password conform to a company policy format or something, where it starts with an uppercase character followed by one or more lowercase characters and ending with a digit or something.

If my change in wording does do the trick for you then I will compromise on this and adapt task 5 to use this as well.

Let me know.

Implement the `LogParser.CountQuotedPasswords()`method to provide an indication of the likely scale of the manual exercise.

The "password" string may be in upper or lower case or any combination.

Lines passed to the routine may or may not be valid as defined in task 1. We process them in the same way whether or not they are valid.

```csharp
string[] lines =
{
    string.Empty,
    "[INF] passWord ",
    "\"passWord\"",
    "[INF] \"The secret password was added by the user\""
};
var lp = new LogParser();
lp.CountQuotedPasswords(lines);
// => 2

> ```

Reviewer: I think the example needs updating, as the lines are no longer an array but a single string.

Author: Done
